Only Multistep API tests can be added as subtests to Multistep API tests (API tests not supported) (#30297)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/multistep.md

### Subtests

Multistep API tests support subtests, allowing you to reuse existing Multistep API tests or extract steps into reusable components. You can nest subtests up to two levels deep.

To use an existing Multistep API test as a subtest, click **Subtest**, go to the **From Existing Test** tab, and select a Multistep API test from the dropdown menu.

To convert steps from your current Multistep API test into a subtest, click on the **Extract From Steps** tab, select the recorded steps you want to extract, and click **Convert to Subtest**.

{{< img src="synthetics/multistep_tests/subtest.png" alt="UI for adding a subtest to a Multistep API test" width="60%" >}}

To override a subtest variable in a Multistep API test, define it in the parent test using the same name. A variable always uses the first value assigned to it.

If you don't need to run a subtest independently, you can pause it. It still runs as part of the Multistep API test but is not executed on its own.

> **Note:** Only Multistep API tests can be added as subtests. [API tests][1] are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Only Multistep API tests can be added as subtests. Using [API tests][1] as subtests is not supported.
```
